this talented gentleman won new male
artist of the year at the academy of
country music awards on sunday
his song is called freedom was a highway
here with some help from brad paisley
jimmy allen
[Music]
sunset through windshield i can see now
like a picture in frame
blue jeans and t-shirts who we were
we won't be like a night
i wish i could go back to those days
[Music]
we were sorry
freedom was a highway
[Music]
with her hands up just singing along to
a
[Music]
freedom
you don't think about the road
oh no no no you just keep your eyes on
that horizon cause you're wrapped up
[Music]
freedom was a highway
the jimmy kimmel live concert series is
presented by mercedes-benz
the best or nothing